Date: Mar 23

Transcript:
 
Them: Will probably want to go through this in the presentation. Highlands. So we'll get back here. We can keep going. Yeah, I just keep going. Okay, can you go back, Virginia? No, this one. This was the one that you're talking about, the mental behavior that how the. The discharge, like, the excess. Yeah. Okay. Got it. So, like. When it's in regards to excess length of state, like, length of stay is like someone's in the hospital and they're out of the hospital, all these conversations like, okay, clinical intervention is going to take its own period of time. You can't do anything about that. Agreed. Excess is like that period of time where it's. Like, operational bottlenecks that are keeping the patient in the hospital for no clinical reason. Right. Mental behavioral actually has the longest excess reason for. This is where we can say, you know, like, everyone was saying, hey, they have to have, like, the patient should have parents from every department that they've been through. So a lot of times they do not get the check from the snip department. Or any other department. So this is basically one of our, like, we can say that, hey, they have to get, like, the checks from mental behavior department because there is no reason for a patient to be kept for seven hours more after their discharge have been specified or ruled out by the clinician and who not just because they didn't get the credence from mental department. And that's purely then bottleneck. Right. Because in seven hours, you're not curing them. Being assumptive, let's not be assumptive in why it's happening. Let's just. Let's just make it a point. Let's invite their opinion and their rationale as to why that might be happening. That's just like, no, I, like, I don't know. If that's the case, though. You're right. So. So virginia analysis said, so, yeah, we've got that meeting on the 20th. I'm gonna see if we can get one earlier with just the coo and then the case manager, because then the other one's gonna have, like, a bunch of other people as well. So we might be able to get it sooner so we can get some of these questions answered. But let's. Let's just keep going. I just want to get to kind of the bottom line. Yeah, we can keep going. Thanks. That one's more for tawny next. That's, like, spatial ID specific. Yeah. Okay. This is estimated excess bed days. Which is quite significant. Let's just go to the next one, because then I think it should be. Yeah. There we go. This is, I think, is the money slide. So it's like, okay, there are 31 patients that Benchmark out of 65, whatever that we had. There's 177 total excess bed days versus your versus the national average. And patient 5.7 days. So they're, like, already exceeding the national average by these many and then per patient. Like 5.7 days. So if they can even see, like, a day or two. Yeah. And that's why I think length of stay is definitely the more significant is then we can. We're measuring it in days, not hours. Yeah. And that goes to bed capacity and everything else, insurance and every body. So does that then mean if it's 177 total excess days and the average, let's say average length of stay for all disease? Is like what, like six or something, does that then mean, in theory? That if those 177 days were free. Then you could take the six and divide the 177, and that would be. An additional group of patients that they could be treating. Maybe I. Okay, so long story short, another patient in. Potentially. My plan is basically this, guys. Remember the jdev guy that joined that louisville? Call? This is, like, supposed to be a specialty. So I was thinking if we just get. Whatever the next iteration of the deck is done and then present it to him tomorrow and then get his feedback because he's pretty good at, like, the actual hospital finance of, like, how does bed days convert to bed availability or capacity? For new patients? Because I want to, I want to be able to whatever numbers we present, like, I want us to have sheer conviction of, like, what it is. And I honestly don't know how we would calculate that. So. But I think you're on the right trajectory, virginia. Like, it just, to me, that, like, okay, yeah, that might not be entirely accurate, but it's ballpark, right? Because that means that essentially 177 days are being backlogged. Because patients are in those beds that don't need to be there. Yeah. Therefore, does that mean there's an immediate bed filled by a new patient right now? How would we even calculate that? I would want to know that if that is a possibility that that bit can be filled because a lot of patients were there in the waiting room, like, waiting for their turn or whatnot. Yeah. So my question would be. Like, how would we, how do we model that? Well, there was, like, the, the data point of the amount of patients that left the emergency department without being seen. And that was, I can't remember the number, but it might have been like a hundred and something. Right. So that, yeah, maybe those patients, not all of those patients are going to be admitted, but those 177 backlogged bed days.  
Me: 26.  
Them: Could have been used to have those patients seen faster. Okay. At least there's staff capacity then, like the street. Right. So it's okay. Let's not say 177 days that we're gonna free like that on the neck. But let's say, like, let's say even if we were able to say 50 days, those 50 days could be utilized. I mean, that's what I'm saying. Like, are we going to say that that's the exact point? Are we saying we're gonna give you those 177 days back? That's. Yeah, like, that's where the product value proposition needs to be tied into, like, what the opportunity is. Like, just because that those days are in excess, we're just stating what the problem is. How many of those days or hours are we going to actually meaningfully be able to reduce? You're not going to get rid of all 177 days. That's not realistic. Maybe 25 of it. I don't know. Maybe. Let's. We can justification for that. I mean, that's something that you would probably argue as being part of the pilot. Right? Like, we want to be able to implement our solution. That we will be able to decrease. That 177 day Benchmark that we're starting with. Okay. And then if I were to sit on their side, it'd be like, well, guys.  
Me: That's. Great question.  
Them: Like, how do you think they, like, how would that even be accomplished?  
Me: What's up voice notes per person than any other container.  
Them: Well, I mean, it goes both ways, right? Like, we have to have a product that is effective, but they also have to have their staff has to be willing to work with it, right, and do their part. Okay. But where I'm trying to go, like, basically is just like. So let's get to the presentation, and then we'll. I think this is. This is kind of the next aspect of what we need. Okay. This is not important. I mean, gender category. We already know this. Yeah, I think that's pretty much it. That. That was pretty much the money slide. So then if we get out of this one.  
Me: Hi genuine mistake. Landlord.  
Them: Meds to beds, go back to that one and then exact presentation. Okay. Yeah, we've got quite a few here. So March. What was yesterday? 22. Yep.  
Me: Into pesticide. Sorry. Manuscript message.  
Them: Okay.  
Me: Keep gradual or.  
Them: Yeah, we can just kind of, again, slide through these.  
Me: Video comment.  
Them: Okay. Right. So just before I get too deep, say you did push the thing or you'll do that after the call. Just so then that way we can close loop with muhammad.  
Me: S they could do.  
Them: Yeah, I can present it right now.  
Me: Who message?  
Them: Okay, we'll do that after. Okay, so here we go. So hospital content. So what are we saying? This is the data that the case manager gave us. This is the total number of discharges that they do a month. This is the number of actual patients that we captured in our pilot. So that already is kind of like a signal that, like, hey, guys, like, there's clearly something going on here. Next slide. Just lied through this. What we looked at, this is the demographics next. Okay, we went over this, but this was the length of stay. This breaks it down a little bit further next. Okay, that's not super important. Next concentrations payer signal. Okay, so, you know, we'll want to highlight this. Well, actually, so the gap. This is where we want to be able to. Not be, like, super assumptive, right? But we should be able to kind of at least start. Capturing some trends, something to the effect of that that we can use in a justification for our product at the end. So, for example, authorization, post acute placement difficulty.  
Me: Me? I have. All options.  
Them: Yes. So. Here, like, how are we solving for their insurance if we can talk a bit more about from the product perspective that we help you do XYZ things so that it's clear to them that, yes, because they're going to be like, yes, that is our patient population. That is our median length of stay. Fine. So what are you going to do about the pair thing? Are you going to help us get more money out of these patients? Are you going to help us get these patients out faster? Right. So if we, it's like every time we do a deck, it's like problem solution, problem solution, problem statement, solution statement. Right. So if we're saying that the problem is, like, out of these problems, authorization complexity, post acute and difficulty.  
Me: On the.  
Them: And I would probably add pcp in here.  
Me: Pad on the weekend.  
Them: Like, which of those three things can we actually solve for? Is my question. And then it's definitely could do the pcp, couldn't we? Because. Or you could at least facilitate pcp access. Okay, we can facilitate that and then maybe placement s and f. Yeah.  
Me: Do. Not use. Of text.  
Them: Yeah. Okay. Okay. So that's two out of the three. I'm thinking TCP from the standpoint of if you had a list of primary care physicians in a certain radius and you broke them down by we accept medical, we accept this. Right. Then you could have the backend algorithm be running so that it's able to essentially match. An individual who doesn't have a pcp but has ex insurance type. To a specific.  
Me: For now. Let me show you magically.  
Them: Okay, we talked about that, right? Like that, to me, doesn't. And again, I'm not like the engineer side of things, but I'm probably over simplifying it. Okay. Sagel, what you had a point that you wanted to make, too? I don't know. What you want to say. So if we have the problem broken down in these three kind of aspects, what do you think would be the aspect that we can solve for?  
Me: Well, I. Like many others, recently switched to clauda as my.  
Them: It really depends. Right. You have to break down because I don't.  
Me: Access to my downloads.  
Them: What are we trying to say? Hey, guys, this is your patient population and your patient population average length of stay because they're primarily Medicare and medical is this much. Right. So are we trying to change their patient population that to solve for commercial population? Like, what are we trying to do? Guys, we will help you identify maybe the, like these patients that you keep them for, like, hospitals for a longer period of time when you don't even get reimbursed. So we'll help you get them out of the hospital faster. You have a lot of time you spend where the pcp is not specified. So we can flag much prior in the process where you can assign a pcp to them that will, like, you know, essentially, again, help reduce length of stay. Third is like a lot of times you don't know, like, what insurance bottlenecks that you're gonna face because you start the insulin process much later in the process or the disposition starts like a day prior to the patient being discharged. So we're gonna flag it much prior. So, like by solving for operational and, like, by, like, streamlining the communication between the staff, we're gonna help you reduce the length of stay. And that's why why we say that length of stays so much more. So we will.  
Me: Hands off.  
Them: Quantify if we can quantify that from 7.2, we can, if we want to. Right. That's, like, totally up to us. We can reduce it by a day or two or by few hours. That can then make a clearer picture. Okay, fine. This is how you're saying that you help us in the pair or the insurance thing, because otherwise, what is the use of us going so much deep into pair analyses? Because we're not going to go to pairs and be like, hey, like, you know, reimburse st. John's more. So we have to find how using the product we solve for the problem that we have. Okay. So we'll come back to this part if we. Let's, let's see how that would incorporate in the solution. Okay, so operational complexity, I think, again. So those three points that you guys just mentioned, case management being involved placement, no pcp. If we're highlighting that in the problem, then we want to be able to make sure that we're solving it in the product. Long story short. Okay, let's just keep going. I want to get to the cost.  
Me: I mean, copy ghid anime. Something.  
Them: Yeah. So I think we all start with problem. We start state how we're going to solve it. We state, like, how much hours are they going to save and that we convert like time and then we convert time to cost? Right.  
Me: I got.  
Them: Huh? Is that what we're going for?  
Me: These are lovely. Come here.  
Them: Yeah. Time to cost. Right. So. But the point is that when we're measuring time, it's like what are actual things that we can. We can't do anything about insurance. Right. So that's where we want to just be very mindful of that. Yeah. Yeah. So then next slide. So there you go. So I was just using your number, virginia. Says bad days. That's. See that we got. So there's something that's off here, though, in our, like, math, like 177. Excess bed days. Operational delay costs. Like how do we quantify that? How do we put a number on that based on the 31 343 dollars per hour per patient? It's 135 dollars an hour. I feel like that's low. The 43,000. No. Yeah, it seems kind of low. That isn't. So wait, hold on. Let me think about this, though, logically. Right. Because if it's a patient is staying overnight. Then. Technically. Is 177 days. Like in 12 hour or is that 24 hours? Does that make sense? So that. Yeah. So then we have to do, like, conservative, like, what figure, how much are we saving them? Are you saving 177 days in totality or is seven times 24? Or is it 177 times 12?  
Me: I'm. Looking for.  
Them: And then times 135? Yeah.  
Me: Cash. Key. I'm the hot out of a. Gp.  
Them: The maximum inpatient care days multiplying total beds maintained for lodging cost. This, I think, was off the. If you go back to the previous slide. 345. I'm pretty sure it's 135 times 3.5, right? I'm. I'm not even necessarily sure how, like, bed days is fully if it's 12 hours, 24 hours you're saying, and that should be 78,000 plus. Not 48.  
Me: When a market mother school.  
Them: One second. Yeah, we just have to figure out if. Because if the patient is staying overnight. Right. The hospital still has to care for them. Yeah, that's okay. Like, long story short, this is where we kind of. We need to get this one right. So. But the sagel, this is just talking about the costs, then we can. We don't even need to even say anything about saving. Right now. We can make an assumption. I I'm saying this slide right here is to Simply demonstrate the cost. That they are currently paying as a result of these delays. And. And why are we just doing overnight? We can just do, like, 177 days and then convert it to totally ours and then see how many hours in totality. Like, and then convert that to cost then, and then we can say, okay, if we save you XRs, yrs or zrs or, like, whatnot.  
Me: S, you can really push.  
Them: Or even if we save you 25 days, 50 days or 75 days, then this is how much you're gonna make in, like, savings.  
Me: She does not. Matter.  
Them: Rather than, like, doing overnight, because overnight then would, like, count for just 12 hours more.  
Me: What you're plug. Ging in.  
Them: I don't understand. I'm not fully following that. Yeah. So I don't know the overnight thing. I would convert days to hours.  
Me: With that.  
Them: Get the figure, like, how much in savings and then do maybe. You know, how much are we saving them? 25 of it. 50, 15 or 10.  
Me: Just.  
Them: That would be better. Okay, so I would just say these two slides is probably where we want to get. Get things right. But then let's just. If we just go to the next few, almost done.  
Me: Studying. I. Constantly feel the need to.  
Them: This, I think, is the most important thing to say is, like, what did we postulate or the actual operational reasons for delay? And then this is what needs to match up.  
Me: Up. Your. Dreams.  
Them: Same, same with the solution slide.  
Me: Yes.  
Them: Oh, your case management trigger. SNF placement fast track will discharge data capture. What do we mean by that? Concealed with empty 90 of the kid are measured, but we cannot see expanding structure data before discharged population. Yeah, I think we can. Think about the third point. If we could automate the actual. Nurse orders.  
Me: Will. Be named that. Again.  
Them: We would capture all discharge. Right now we have 7% of the discharged population. Are you talking about meds to beds? Are you talking about. Yeah. Yeah. So I think we can. The only thing that we about the s and f placement, it's what tawny was saying. Right? There's some aspects of that that aren't going to be in our control. I.e. the family wants to tour five or six facilities before they make their decision. Right. So we can't. There's nothing that we're going to be able to do that's going to fast track someone in that scenario. So again, like, I think this slide is for where we want to actually place. Operational barriers that we believe we can actually solve for. So, for example, pcp placement may be something more reasonable or rational for. The point is, is like this should be a direct parallel to whatever the next slide is.  
Me: I. Made 72,  
Them: Maybe not. That's. Yeah, that's slide where it's like.  
Me: 000.  
Them: Introducing ethos pulls like this is what we can do. There's one. This is kind of like a filler slide just to kind of get everyone like, oh, guys, like, what do you think we can do to solve these problems? And then the next slide is like, yeah, we have the solution ethos polls. Right. Admission flagging surface medical as an app like going. I think. Yeah. I mean, the getting people a pcp is also going to impact. People using the, the emergency department to have their medication refilled, right, as well. Correct. That's correct. Which I think in itself is. Important. Yes, I, let me get this out of the, the data analysis. Those 177 days. So if we go back here. Excess bed day. So. What I want to get to is what we can do about, like, we have to just look up then, I think an easy way to figure this out is just look up how does a h r q define bed days? Yeah. Yeah. Something like that. Because what I'm trying to go with it, Virginia, I don't have the answer, but basically it's like we need to break it down to the way we would break it down, like the percentage that a value that we can capture. Again is like what operational bottlenecks, how, how long does. Like an excess length of stay as measured by that? May still include medical reasons that the patient is there in the hospital. Right. And so we need to be able to say we're going to reduce strictly the non-medical hours. That's like a good number to have. I don't know if we want to. Lead with that. One of these had the non-medical delays, right? Yes. Yeah. It's that 3.5 hour one. If you go down. This one. Yeah. That's one patient case.  
Me: I'm kidding. You know.  
Them: There. This is a cross. It's maybe one case study. Let me do. I'm going to get a better draft for this. But that's kind of the idea. But is 177 not all like, it's like, it's already ex is days. That's correct. The only issue is. Like. I think Virginia, you made the point, like, we kind of need to understand what is the national average to understand then what is like excess actually mean. And where I'm trying to go with it, say, joel is, is like, again, what can we do about it versus what can we not. Yeah, because we cannot save at the end of the day, it still paints a picture, right? It's. It's the, it's, we're giving them the broad picture of that narrowing it in. Right. Yeah. So I still think having access that days. Yeah. Yeah. That might not be the actual number that we highlight that, that we can help, you know, solve for. But I also think, too, that solving some of the things that we can solve for, I do think that that is going to have a domino effect on aspects. Like. Okay, got it. Right. It might only be 20 bed days, but that. Still exists. I'll tell you. Okay. It's when we have it in this chart excess bed days, that's not actually how this operational delay cost is being measured. I'm going to get a chart. I'm going to make a new chart for just straight up excess delay. But then, okay, it's the 135 times execution delay in the observed cohort, if that makes sense. And I think access bad days is also, I just want to, like, validate what I just said makes sense. You're validating right now. I'm asked, does it make sense what I just said? The how operational delay cost was calculated. I think so. But again, I think we also need to look up. What's the definition here that you have used for excess bed days? Because definition online is essentially excess bed days. Are when the patient stays. No, discharge execution delay hours. Okay. That's what I'm trying to communicate. 135 dollars times discharge execution delay hours. That's how that was calculated. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. Because then is the discharge delay is nothing to do with a patient getting suddenly sicker. Right. That's why I'm just saying that this chart is not been well constructed. Excess bed days. You probably shouldn't have right above it. It would be discharge execution delay hours instead of discharge optimization. Opportunity. No, I'm. Where do we get the 43, 000 from where do we get the 624, 000 from that comes from 135 times. Discharge execution delay hours.  
Me: Nice picture.  
Them: What is this discharge execution delay arts? How do you calculate that? Get to the map. Yeah. Virginia, if you go to the previous slide. That red bucket. Is indicative of. Yeah. What's the math? Is it like, oh, the patient was. This was the expected discharge date or the hour of the patient, and then the patient got discharged at. Yeah. All right, so on that note, when you say x is bed delays. If it's ours so that you call discharge delay hours, if it converts into days, then you call length of stays increased. And that's like excess bed days. Right. So it's a function of. They or like the number of hours. Now, when you say that you have access by d race, that essentially means that the patient is cleared from the clinical side that, hey, you're good to go to the hospital.  
Me: I mean.  
Them: Like, like you're good to go. But then because of operational bottlenecks, the patient doesn't go because they're medically fit to go, but they are not yet discharged now because of that now purely goes into operations.  
Me: Obviously.  
Them: Then if they're medically fit to go and they're not discharged. That's called excess bed delay. Like that they have like occupying the bed for extra hours or extra days. They shouldn't be there medically, but they're still there. So why are they there? Because their DNA is not placed because meds are not delivered. So that then goes into operations. Yeah. That makes. Right. So now the expected day, the expected hour of discharge. And the time the patient got discharged, we just have to calculate that. And that's it. But the stage of the expected time to discharge is not a capture field. More often than not. Tani said it's in the nose. We can maybe ask her. You know what? I think in some ways, like you said this before, right? That's also a valuable insight. Why aren't they recording that? And if they're recording, it all set, if you aren't recording expected discharge, then it would make sense then that there would be delays because you're not getting the process started. Ahead of time. And so this data was captured actually from the order time. The discharge order to the discharge actual. But there, there's just not expected discharge in the data. Then I, then I do think, don't you, don't you agree, though? I think so. I agree. I think that's where I'm just throwing this in itself is, is a big problem because. They're basically not giving their, their staff. The opportunity. To. Get the, the discharge process started. Because they don't know. They don't have an expected discharge listed. So if I was a nurse, I wouldn't be prepping stuff if I didn't have on there. Oh, george is going to be discharged tomorrow. I'd be prioritizing other people that, that maybe did have it, right? Yeah. Instead of getting ahead of the curve. It's just the fact that they must not have a standardized sort of procedure for. Getting affected discharge. Is there a way? And also, guys, think about it, too. Like, I mean, when you. Ve, if you've been in the hospital, from my experiences, whenever I've been in the hospital and. Yeah, okay, it's been, you know, pre. Booked, like, surgery. But one of the first things I ask. On all four occasions that I've had surgery is when, like, what in, when am I expected to be able to leave after this? And they always give you everything goes well. We'll want you here, you know, overnight. I don't think that they're going to be able to predict, like, the exact time that someone's going to leave. Like, that's. Probably this, that the case manager. Okay, my first question is, when the discharge is ordered, is that ordered by the case manager, or is that ordered by the clinician? Who are the doctor, right? Okay. And then that would indicate it'd be medically cleared, right? Okay. So they, we don't need expected discharge date then. So because a doctor is saying, so now this is measured by the order time, the order time, then perfect, then this is, we should be good to go with this in Virginia, then these numbers make sense. Yeah, these make sense then. Right. So, like, we don't have to, like, go to the next slide. All I was trying to say. This chart is. Confusing. I I got one more point there. If you really want to know the discharge date, like expected, like, they use an AI thing, like, we can make assumptions. Now we can say, hey, like, this is, like, based on of assumptions, this, this, this is the figure. And we can just, like, compare hole. And I'll tell you why. Because this makes sense to me, honestly, we don't even have to do that because the  
Me: How to  
Them: The last minute that a patient is gonna get discharged. Right? So I don't think that we need to go  
Me: No.  
Them: down that It's a big figure. What we wanna focus on is just getting the patient who is medically cleared out the door sooner. Like, that's what I would say.  
Me: I  
Them: As opposed to predicting time that they're gonna discharge when the doctor, who is the bottleneck in this entire workflow, makes the order, But don't say that when you present They are. I I'm and I'm and I've got a whole thing with documents right now. Basically, all I'm saying, this chart is confusing. What this should have, which I'm gonna update with the actual numbers, discharge execution delay hours you times it by 01:35. That's your figure. And because we only captured 7% of the the population of discharges, then we're extrapolating to the hospital. Hey. These three problems that we identified can be applied to the rest of your discharges, your other 900 patients, So you guys are spending, like, $600,000 every month due to these problems. And we think that we can help. Yeah. And what I just And I think all we literally say is we just wanna help. We think we think we can reduce it. I mean, acknowledge we're not gonna eliminate the problem entirely. We can mitigate it. Can help get some of it back. Yeah. I think we should stop trying to, like, like, hey, guys. Like, you guys are losing a shit ton of money. And  
Me: Me.  
Them: what you're doing is clearly not working. So maybe we can do something to help. We don't know. We'd like to we'd like to measure how much. But we think that we can help. This is like a soft task. Yeah. And I also think too, you know, just highlighting the other conditions that they're working under  
Me: Yellow caps. Yeah.  
Them: are already, you know, difficult.  
Me: I get  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: it.  
Them: So  
Me: Now  
Them: every little  
Me: you  
Them: bit that we can save you, it does actually go quite a bit further than what you have to lose. Let us just try this thing out. We think that we can help. We can help increase your margins. I wouldn't even I would think we can just help. There's so there's, like, this there's this there's this, para or something. It's like vagueness or precision is the enemy of language. Yeah. Vision is the enemy of language. When you're vague, it allows the other if you wanna be understood it's better to be vague. Because what that means is, like, the other person that you're communicating to  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: can take their own interpretation and make it make it picture for themselves. When you're precise, it actually like, that that it like, imagine there's infinite possibilities to some Yeah. What some mean. And then you the one exact thing, and then that's it. Then it's like, it's either person's gonna accept or it's not. I think too in our case, we just don't have access to enough, like, specific information that I think I think you're right. If we get too precise, we run the risk of them being like, well, that's not true because we spend this amount this area or whatever because we just don't have access. To their you know, monthly spending by line item. David, no one wants to be told what to do. Yeah. No one wants to be told what to do. So if we tell them, like, you guys are doing this wrong, and this is how the solution's gonna be. Like, we basically take an infinite possibilities, and we've chosen a one weighted. Go about this. Yeah. Whereas if we say, look, We you guys brought this program in. We were tasked to make it efficient. This is where we found inefficiencies that could be improved on. And we think that we can help. Yeah. You know? Do you guys want more of our help? That's pretty much it. Alright. We can actually maybe work on that side, and that should be it. I think so. So, anyways, now let's just so, Virginia, we can kinda circle back on I I I definitely agree with the point about, like, still looking up what the current definition is. Like, that was just that's what you use to benchmark stuff. And then if there's any other graphs now, we'll see which Srini is kind of capacity is, but, I mean, you could just tell me stuff that you're looking for. You wanted to add to the full, like, pamphlet, and then we can I can pull that for you too? Cool. Yeah. I found I sent, those three was it those three, like, research papers that are quite interesting that talk about, like, admin burden and how workers change workflows can actually be really effective. Way to make it So this is like a art in a science. Like, I think we need to add enough like, those three problem statements to me is just like that we're not, like, steering. It's more of, like, a guiding or planting the seed. Like, hey. This is the problem. This problem. Because then whatever those are is what we're gonna  
Me: how can  
Them: then make the selling points of Ethos pulls. So then on article like that, then I think it's, you know, k. What can we do about this? What, like, what is that solution? Totally. And that was one of them was, like, a federal level report. Yeah. So and it also talks about, like, automation. One of them talks about, like, university the University of Maryland or whatever. They're talking about how automating  
Me: He has  
Them: certain aspects in the EHR and in these workflows is a productive way. To mitigate  
Me: that I  
Them: delays and wrap their minds around. If we start talking about, like, AI, this machine learning, that agentic workflow there, they're gonna get fucking confused. Like I think only Use automate. Gonna automate these processes that are bottlenecks in your current one. Thing which I thought was kind of interesting One of the articles talks about how sometimes information when it's entered, manually and entered by multiple people. Right? Like, they don't have time to go through someone's whole EHR and all of the medical notes etcetera. So what ends up happening is sometimes the same information is being entered by multiple people Yeah. Multiple occasions. Right. Like, for example, my let's say I went in and it's like they're doing my my BMI. Right? I see three nurses, three nurse are entering my BMI. Well, my BMI is already in there. Like, we don't need to be doing that. It's like a game telephone. You know? Like, by the end of it, like, you're in a completely different place. And then one and then think of it too. If you're, like, entering the same information multiple times, that's just making the medical notes even more long. Which then doctors, you know, they don't have time to be going back and, like, going through, you know, pages and pages of medical notes. Right. So here's what I think would be the next steps. Let's get the like, long story short, we may be able to get in front of them as soon as possible. Let's finalize the presentation in the next couple of days. I think we're in a pretty good state to be able to do that. And then tomorrow, we can dry run it in front of JDEF if you guys wanna do that. It's a good idea. Might as well get feedback. K. I think we'll be in a pretty good spot. Sage, well, I know that you were working on both Ethos Core, Ethos Pulse for Ethos Core, all I would ask is that if we can deploy a link Are you sure you wanna deploy? Because you asked me initially not to. Because we still have have a link so that we can share it with Mohammed. Because then Mohammed I think it would be very valuable for us to get a list of APIs And then that's how we can start cleaning up the repo. So you mean I have just one question. So you mean want to be deploy another one. That's not a a d ALD pipeline one. It's another repo called Itoscore. Isn't am I right? Ethos Core is just the Sejal, do you wanna share your screen if you have it? Because I'm a little bit confused about which one I So the whole you wanna build this dashboard. This is the front end. Long story short. Right? Okay. No. My So it's like Okay. And so then the the task would be what APIs do we need to create from this front end that would come from the preprocess pipeline. Yep. So it can I've shared the link. You can go over this. It has, like, we can have, like, a meeting where I could totally go over this, but yeah, this would be the thing. Okay. Let me can I share the link so that I can look into it, I can discuss? Otherwise, I don't have the context So Yeah. I'm gonna put it over a bit. Yeah. You can you can you can share the Slack or some somewhere else so that I can get the link. Cool. I guess it's a Sigma if you don't if you No. It's Ram. It's one by local, so I'm gonna share the link. It's a local by React. It's local by Wait here. I'm not I've not committed it right now. I've not deployed it, so I'm gonna deploy it, commit it to date, and that would be Yeah. I mean, it's local host 3,000. It's local host 3,000. Yeah. So it's a loc it's a by React. Yeah. It has a React. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Got it. Makes sense. Yeah. That's So That's pretty much that. And Mohamed nothing other than I think we should just have a list of the APIs that we would wanna Yeah. At first, it will look through its Yeah. That's On some of the questions. Okay. And then you were working on the Ethos Pulse kinda configuration. Was there any update to that?  
Me: No. No updates so far, but we are I am improving it from the side. Next steps is what we need to understand. Around we can bring in more data which would help us get kinda, like, realistic understanding of things, maybe. Yep.  
Them: How we can get more data, meaning?  
Me: So, you remember you had showcased an Excel sheet So  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: I can have the access to that, I can play around with real data. And kinda, like, showcase around those things.  
Them: So you mean this Excel sheet?  
Me: Me just have access to that. Yep. Sorry. Yes. This one.  
Them: Got it.  
Me: Alright. Yep. This one.  
Them: This is all the data that we have right now. So  
Me: Sounds good. Yeah. And, Sejal, did we have anything else apart from that? This is what I assume that we should be doing, but I'm  
Them: No. Yeah. I think this is  
Me: I  
Them: like, definitely something. If you can have, like, a back end, like, how the if you're talking about agentic AI, how it works at the back end, like, information flow and everything. So that  
Me: Do you want to  
Them: yeah, that would be, like, something to think of as well.  
Me: Do you want to see from an architecture point of view of documentation or just  
Them: More. No, more from architecture point of view.  
Me: looking? Documentation?  
Them: A documentation or even, like, a diagram  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: like, a form. Yeah. That would be that would be much easier because then we're, like we can go ahead and, like, change that. Right? So that will  
Me: Yeah. How the entire data flows.  
Them: yeah. Exactly. Yeah. The the our diagram is much better.  
Me: Over. Yeah. Probably that.  
Them: Than, like, the documentation. Yep. So that's pretty much that. And I think that goes side by side with this us looking into more data points. Cool. Cool. Alright, guys. Let's have a great start to the week. Okay. And then I'll follow-up with maybe meeting with Jada, but I think right now, let's let's see where we can clean up this presentation. This is just kind of like a raw data kinda, like, brain dump. And I don't think we need to make it too dense or heavy. We probably wanna make some of these things a little bit lighter, more digestible. And then really highlight on kind of k. You know, The problem that we identify, or rather like the data that we saw, the money that you guys are spending, the problems that we observed and what we can do about it. I agree. So I think that makes a lot of sense. Okay. All right, guys.  
Me: Thank you.  
Them: Bye, guys. 